{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Palatino;}
{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
}
{\colortbl;}{\stylesheet{\s1 Heading 1;}{\s2 Heading 2;}{\s3 Heading 3;}{\s4 Heading 4;}{\s5 Heading 5;}{\s6 Heading 6;}{\s7 Heading 7;}{\s8 Heading 8;}{\s9 Heading 9;}}
\deflang1024\notabind\facingp\hyphauto1\widowctrl
\sectd\plain\pgwsxn11905\pghsxn16837\marglsxn960\margrsxn960\margtsxn960\margbsxn960\headery0\footery0\pgndec{\headerl\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa-50\plain\tqc\tx4992\tqr\tx9985 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerl\pard\sl-240\sb-190\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4992\tqr\tx9985 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20\f1 \chpgn }\par}{\headerr\pard\sl-240\sb770\sa-50\plain\tqc\tx4992\tqr\tx9985 {}\tab {}\tab {}\par}{\footerr\pard\sl-240\sb-190\sa910\plain\tqc\tx4992\tqr\tx9985 {}\tab {}\tab {\i\fs20\f1 \chpgn }\par}\pard\li960\sl260\qc {\*\bkmkstart ID_CURRICULUM_45_VITAE}{\*\bkmkend ID_CURRICULUM_45_VITAE}\b\fs20\f2 Curriculum Vitae - Dag Wieers\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\li960\sl260\qc Dag Wie\'ebrs\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\li1160\sl260\qc dag@wieers.com\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s1\sl260 Table of Contents\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_PERSONALIA}{\fldrslt \f1 1. Personalia}}\f1 \tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_PERSONALIA}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_PERSONALIA}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_WORK_45_EXPERIENCE}{\fldrslt 2. Work experience}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_WORK_45_EXPERIENCE}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_WORK_45_EXPERIENCE}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _61 }{\fldrslt \b0 2.1. IBM Belgium (6/2001 {\f3\'ae} now)}}\b0 \tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _61 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _61}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _69 }{\fldrslt 2.2. Mind Linux Solutions (10/1999 {\f3\'ae} 4/2001)}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _69 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _69}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _80 }{\fldrslt 2.3. IBM Belgium (Internship 2/1999 {\f3\'ae} 4/1999; 9/1999 {\f3\'ae} 2/2000)}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _80 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _80}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _91 }{\fldrslt 2.4. SISA Software/Winsome (Summer Job 1996/1997; 10/1997 {\f3\'ae} 10/1999)}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _91 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _91}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _99 }{\fldrslt 2.5. Provinciale Bibliotheek Limburg (Voluntary 10/1996 {\f3\'ae} 11/1997)}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _99 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _99}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_EDUCATION}{\fldrslt \b 3. Education}}\b \tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_EDUCATION}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_EDUCATION}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _109 }{\fldrslt \b0 3.1. Certificates}}\b0 \tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _109 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _109}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _117 }{\fldrslt 3.2. Hogeschool Limburg, Diepenbeek (1996 {\f3\'ae} 1999)}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _117 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _117}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _120 }{\fldrslt 3.3. Limburgs Universitair Centrum, Diepenbeek (1994 {\f3\'ae} 1996)}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _120 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _120}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _123 }{\fldrslt 3.4. Heilig Hartcollege, Heusden-Zolder (1988 {\f3\'ae} 1994)}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _123 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _123}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_SKILLS}{\fldrslt \b 4. Skills}}\b \tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_SKILLS}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_SKILLS}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _128 }{\fldrslt \b0 4.1. Overall}}\b0 \tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _128 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _128}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _141 }{\fldrslt 4.2. Operating systems}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _141 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _141}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _154 }{\fldrslt 4.3. Software}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _154 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _154}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _175 }{\fldrslt 4.4. Computer languages}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _175 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _175}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _186 }{\fldrslt 4.5. Languages}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _186 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _186}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1440\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_VARIA}{\fldrslt \b 5. Varia}}\b \tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l ID_VARIA}{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF ID_VARIA}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb48\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _199 }{\fldrslt \b0 5.1. Muziekschool Beringen}}\b0 \tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _199 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _199}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _208 }{\fldrslt 5.2. Driver's license}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _208 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _208}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _211 }{\fldrslt 5.3. Additional activities}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _211 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _211}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\li1920\sl260\fi-480 {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _224 }{\fldrslt 5.4. Congresses and workshops}}\tqr\tldot\tx9985\tab {\field{\*\fldinst   HYPERLINK  \\l _224 }{\fldrslt {\field\flddirty{\*\fldinst PAGEREF _224}{\fldrslt 000}}}}\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s4\li960\sl260 \b\f2 Abstract\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\lang1033\f1 Dag Wieers started in computers as a 8 year old kid logging onto Bulletin Board Systems and FidoNet. During university he became \i one of the first experiencing Internet in Belgium\i0  (1994). Realising that the Internet was far more interesting than his studies he soon spent his days learning every aspect of it. While being an \i independant consultant\i0  (1996-1999) for several companies and organizations (as a web-developer, system engineer and DBA), he founded \i Mind Linux Solutions (http://mind.be/)\i0  (1999). \par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj When he \i graduated in Applied Computer Science\i0  in Diepenbeek (1999), he started to work at IBM Belgium (http://www.ibm.com/be/) as a system developer. After six months he took the opportunity to foster his own company Mind Linux Solutions nv as a \i Board member\i0  and \i Business Unit Manager\i0 . Due to differences in management style and strategy he sold and withdrew from his company to return to IBM (2001). \par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj During his professional life until now, he gained experience in automating system administration tasks, analysing system problems and designing future-scalable solutions, as well as operating a small company. \par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Dag Wieers is known inside the Belgian Linux community for advocating Linux and writing the Belgian HOWTO (http://dag.wieers.com/howto/). On a sunday afternoon you can catch him helping people on be.comp.os.linux or #linux.be. \par\pard\sb200\s1\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart ID_PERSONALIA}{\*\bkmkend ID_PERSONALIA}\b\lang1024\f2 1. Personalia\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\lang1033\f1  \par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Name: Dag Johan Maarten Wie\'ebrs (M)\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Addresses: \par\pard\sb100\li1560\sl260\qj                                          Andreas Vesaliuslaan 21\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                                                B-3500 Hasselt, Belgium\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                                        \par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\qj  \par\pard\sb100\li1560\sl260\qj                                                Bosstraat 28\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                                                B-3060 Bertem, Belgium\sa0\par\fi0\sb0
                                        \par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\qj  \par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Email: <\f4 dag@wieers.com\f1 >, <\f4 dag@nl.linux.org\f1 >\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Mobile: +32 478 436 299\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Homepage: http://dag.wieers.com/\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Date of Birth: 8 may 1976\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Place of Birth: Heusden, Limburg, Belgium\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Marital Status: Single\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj  \par\pard\sb200\s1\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart ID_WORK_45_EXPERIENCE}{\*\bkmkend ID_WORK_45_EXPERIENCE}\b\lang1024\f2 2. Work experience\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _61}{\*\bkmkend _61}2.1. IBM Belgium (6/2001 {\f3\'ae} now)\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\f1 System administrationOn Unix and Linux systems. (eg. packaging on Linux/AIX) \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj System developerImplementing hosting infrastructure on Linux. (eg. resource and availability monitoring, capacity planning, firewall framework) \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _69}{\*\bkmkend _69}\b\f2 2.2. Mind Linux Solutions (10/1999 {\f3\'ae} 4/2001)\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\f1 FounderTaking care of various parts of the organisation, including sales and marketing. \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Business Unit managerExperience with project-management and pre-sales for a small (15 heads) company. \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj ConsultantLinux and Open Source consultancy and training for several customers in on-site projects varying between 1 and 3 weeks. \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _80}{\*\bkmkend _80}\b\f2 2.3. IBM Belgium (Internship 2/1999 {\f3\'ae} 4/1999; 9/1999 {\f3\'ae} 2/2000)\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\f1 InternshipImplementation of a monitoring system and writing a paper called "Platformonafhankelijk systeem voor dynamische websites" under supervision of Erik De Cock. \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj System developerImplementation of a tool to automate the documentation of production systems and tracking changes on these systems. \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Quality controlAnalyzing software problems and optimizing the program flow of an in-house ticketing system. \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _91}{\*\bkmkend _91}\b\f2 2.4. SISA Software/Winsome (Summer Job 1996/1997; 10/1997 {\f3\'ae} 10/1999)\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\f1 ConsultantAnalysis and design of an off-line website generation program (further developed as WebEngine) and web-scripting. \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj System administrationInstallation of Linux-servers and routers and operational management of these systems. \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _99}{\*\bkmkend _99}\b\f2 2.5. Provinciale Bibliotheek Limburg (Voluntary 10/1996 {\f3\'ae} 11/1997)\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\f1 Network administrationMaintenance of 12 public Internet terminals (based on Windows 95) and an ISDN Internet connection. \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Internet trainingIndividual training and training in group about the Internet, search-engines and popular websites. \hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s1\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart ID_EDUCATION}{\*\bkmkend ID_EDUCATION}\b\f2 3. Education\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _109}{\*\bkmkend _109}3.1. Certificates\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\f1 Brainbench Linux Administration, GeneralMaster, 4.34/5 (23 May 2000), top 5 for Belgium [Scored higher than 95% of all previous test takers.]\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj Brainbench Linux Administration, Red HatMaster, 4.25/5 (23 May 2000), top 3 for Belgium [Scored higher than 98% of all previous test takers.]\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _117}{\*\bkmkend _117}\b\f2 3.2. Hogeschool Limburg, Diepenbeek (1996 {\f3\'ae} 1999)\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\lang1033\f1 Applied Computer Science (Cum laude)\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _120}{\*\bkmkend _120}\b\lang1024\f2 3.3. Limburgs Universitair Centrum, Diepenbeek (1994 {\f3\'ae} 1996)\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\lang1033\f1 Computer Science (experience with Internet, Unix, C-programming, TCP/IP, CGI-scripting, JAVA-script and HTML) \par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _123}{\*\bkmkend _123}\b\lang1024\f2 3.4. Heilig Hartcollege, Heusden-Zolder (1988 {\f3\'ae} 1994)\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\lang1033\f1 Latin-Greek, Latin-Mathematics and Science-Mathematics\par\pard\sb200\s1\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart ID_SKILLS}{\*\bkmkend ID_SKILLS}\b\lang1024\f2 4. Skills\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _128}{\*\bkmkend _128}4.1. Overall\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \b0\fs16\f1 \'95\tab \fs20 Ability to learn quickly from self-study\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Experience in Unix system administration\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Experience in configuring and deploying systems in a scalable and coherent manner\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Experience in marketing products using the Internet and Internet communities\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Experience in project-management\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _141}{\*\bkmkend _141}\b\f2 4.2. Operating systems\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \b0\fs16\f1 \'95\tab \fs20 Excellent knowledge of Linux (since 1994) eg. Slackware, Caldera, Red Hat, etc...\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Experience with various Unix systems including AIX, HP/UX, Solaris, SCO Unix and Digital Unix.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Excellent knowledge of MSDOS, Novell DOS, Windows 3.x, Windows 9x and Windows NT (both as server as well as client in heterogenous networks).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Experience with Windows 2000 and Windows ME.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Experience with MacOS (6.x - 8.x).\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _154}{\*\bkmkend _154}\b\f2 4.3. Software\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \b0\fs16\f1 \'95\tab \fs20 HyperText Markup Language (HTML), SGML, DocBook v3 and v4, XML, CSS, DHTML and CGI Programming (in Perl and C) and PHP3/4\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 IP (TCP/UDP), ICMP, ARP en protocols like IRC, FTP, SMTP, HTTP, NNTP, POP3, IMAP, DHCP, IPsec, ...\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 SQL (MySQL, msql, PostgreSQL and DB2)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Experience with clustered web-servers for load-balancing and fail-over\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Experience with firewalling, virtual private networking (VPN), building high-capacity, load-balancing and high-available systems (IPVS) and network intrusion detection systems (NIDS)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Experience with building Red Hat kickstarts for mass deployement and building Red Hat packages\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Thorough experience in compiling, installing, and configuring of Unix system software, e.g. NFS, Samba, lpd (and LPRng), Qmail, Bind, DHCP, XFree86, Apache, ssh, ntpd, snort, dante, rrdtool, ...\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Thorough experience in compiling, installing, configuring, and using almost any software from standard Linux-distributions, including XFree86, Gnome, Perl, rpm, ...\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Experience in programming and scripting in various computer languages.\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _175}{\*\bkmkend _175}\b\f2 4.4. Computer languages\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\f1 ActivePerl 4 en 5 (since 1994), PHP (since 1996), AWK & Unix-shells (since 1994), C (since 1994), Javascript (since 1995), Java (since 1996), SQL (since 1997), Pascal (1991 - 1999)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj PassiveTcl/Tk, Python, Assembler (x86) (1992 - 1996), BASIC (1988 - 1990)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj ForgottenCOBOL (1996 - 1997), RPG on AS/400, (1997 - 1998), Visual Basic (1997)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _186}{\*\bkmkend _186}\b\f2 4.5. Languages\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \b0\fs16\f1 \'95\tab \fs20 Dutch (mothertongue)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 English (fluently spoken/written)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 French (basic spoken/written)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 German (notions)\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s1\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart ID_VARIA}{\*\bkmkend ID_VARIA}\b\f2 5. Varia\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _199}{\*\bkmkend _199}5.1. Muziekschool Beringen\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \b0\fs16\f1 \'95\tab \fs20 6 jaar Diktie\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 2 jaar Expressie & Toneel\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 4 jaar Voordracht\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _208}{\*\bkmkend _208}\b\f2 5.2. Driver's license\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\lang1033\f1 Type A3 and B since Jan 1997\par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _211}{\*\bkmkend _211}\b\lang1024\f2 5.3. Additional activities\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj \b0\lang1033\f1  \par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Member of NL.linux.org (http://nl.linux.org/)-project\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Maintainer of Belgian HOWTO (http://dag.wieers.com/howto/)\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Member of L2U (http://l2u.iguana.be/) (Leuvense Linux Usergroup)\par\pard\sb100\li960\sl260\qj  \par\pard\sb200\s2\sl260 {\*\bkmkstart _224}{\*\bkmkend _224}\b\lang1024\f2 5.4. Congresses and workshops\keepn\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \b0\fs16\f1 \'95\tab \fs20 7th and 8th International Linux Kongress (http://www.linux-kongress.de/) August 2000 and November 2001\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Hacking At Large 2001 (http://www.hal2001.nl/) in Twente, NL; September 2001\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 LinuxTag (http://www.linuxtag.org/) 2000 and 2001\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 We Are Networking '99 (http://www.wan.nl/) in Noord-Sleen, NL; August 1999\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Chaos Communication Camp (http://www.ccc.de/events/camp/) in Berlin, DE; August 1999\hyphpar0\par\pard\sb100\li1360\sl260\fi-200\qj \tx1360 \fs16 \'95\tab \fs20 Hacking In Progress '97 (http://www.hip97.nl/) in Almere, Flevoland, NL; August 1997\hyphpar0\par}
